---
title: "The Reaper In Action"
date: 05-20-2015
slug: "/the-reaper-in-action"
published: false
tags:
- The100DayProject
- Guild Wars 2
---

When the reaper was first announced on Thursday, I was skeptical. It wasn't at all what I was expecting, so I reacted cautiously. The following day, ArenaNet dedicated an episode of [Points of Interest]() entirely to showing off the reaper, and it opened my eyes. I am sold on the reaper, and I cannot wait to unlock it for my necromancer.

### Animations
Talk about how flavorful and amazing the animations are.

### Sound effects
Talk about how flavorful and amazing the sound effects are. Dripping with personality!

### Reaper Shroud
* Replaces Death Shroud
* All new skills
* You can be healed through Reaper Shroud!
* Life force gain is on the auto attack now
* Still affected by Death Shroud traits
* Lots of damage and chill

### Greatsword skills
* Move slow, hit hard
* They skills look really, really fun
* Lots of chill (did I mention chill?)
* Skill 4 is called Nightfall, an homage to the _Guild Wars: Nightfall_ campaign

### Shouts
* New utility skill type is shouts
* All of the shouts are offensive
* Healing shout looks so awesome! Big self heal and steal life force from foes in the area
* Can't wait to hear my necro shouting these!
* Elite shout stuns foes in the area and grants resistance(!)
* Lots of potential to support allies not by buffing them, but my significantly debilitating foes

### General necro changes mentioned
* Necros are getting Vampiric Aura! Share life siphon with allies

### More info
* WoodenPotatoes video goes in depth and he geeks out about the awesome potential
* Link to the VOD of the PoI stream
